Over the past 8 months, Mr. Robin, you
have more than doubled your following.
You have started a multi6figure info
business. The price for the platinum
high ticket was 7.5. I think that's
disgustingly low. And so, in 4 months,
what can you see? What can you see in
your future?
>> I think we can hit a 100K month.
>> This is Robin, a crypto investing mentor
with 60,000 plus followers on Instagram
who's worked with Olympians,
billionaires, and other ultra high net
worth investors. Now, on paper, Robin
should be printing some [__] money.
But even with that audience, he was
stuck at $40,000 a month. And that was
for three separate reasons. Number one,
his price was way too low. Number two,
he had followers that watched his
content but just didn't turn into books
calls. And number three, every single
video that he made, it just felt like he
was cramming a textbook into 90 seconds.
So in this private business and content
strategy breakdown, we fixed it all. We
implemented the systems to allow him to
double his price. We installed a
follower activation system that turns
viewers into qualified leads and booked
calls. And we gave him a clear Instagram
content strategy so that he consistently
brings in buyers and not window
shoppers. And greatest of all, we solved
the expert problem that you probably
have too, which is just how to cram
complex ideas into short videos without
watering them down. And more
importantly, how to package the complex
ideas in a way that goes viral. And by
the end of it, Robin had a clear path to
scale from $40,000 to $100,000 per month
purely with organic. And so in 4 months,
what can you see? What can you see in
your future?
>> I think we can hit a 100K month in 4
months.
>> And if you run a business and you have
any of the problems that I just
mentioned, as long as you pay attention
to this video, you will have that clear
path as well. Now, if you don't know me,
my name is Devon Jth. I have over
370,000 followers on Instagram. I've
worked with over a 100 business owners
to scale their online business to
multiple six and seven figures per month
through organic content. Now, inside of
Nexus, my highest level program, every
single member that joins receives one of
these personalized business and content
breakdowns directly after joining. So,
if you're a business owner who makes
over 20K per month and you want your own
tailor made strategy to build and
monetize your own personal brand, then
feel free to go and click on the first
link in the description to learn more
about Texus. Otherwise, enjoy the show.
All right, Mr. Robin, are you ready to
crack in?
>> I'm ready to crack.
>> Cool. So, we have a lot of things to
cover in a very short amount of time.
So, first things first, before we even
start with even going over the current
operation, I think it is important that
even though our ambitions are wide, I
think it's important to go and
acknowledge on how far we've come so
far. So, over the past eight months, Mr.
Robin, you have more than doubled your
following. You have started a multi-
Shakespeare info business. You've
started working with the ultra wealthy
to my understanding and also the videos
have gone from
>> the clock is ticking.
>> This
>> thisinforce led to them
>> to this. So overall, I think it is
important that we take a step back and
realize on how far you've come and how
good of a job you've done so far.
>> Thank you.
Now that said, at this point, we still
want to go even further. So, right now,
here's the current situation that we're
going to be scaling from. So, the
current business revenue is sitting
anywhere between 20 to $40,000 a month.
The business model is currently split
across two different educational
programs. Number one being the base
camp, which is going to be the low
ticket, and it's more of a
do-it-yourself. And then number two
being the platinum program, which is
more of a done with you service is what
it sounds like.
Now, for the base camp, it's currently
4.5K for this is not true. I think
that's five months. Correct.
>> Correct.
>> Cool. Chat GBT started to get ahead of
me a little bit. All right.
So, the duration currently for this
offer is 5 months. And basically what
you say is, hey, we'll give you some
live calls and we'll overall,
basically the main goal is to get them
to make more money. So, they go into the
flagship offer. And the flagship offer
is 7.5K. Is that correct?
>> Correct.
>> Cool. And the duration for that is six
months. And this is more so of a done
with you service. Uh just more so
getting them to the result in a much
more hands-on way. Is this all correct
so far?
>> That's correct.
>> Cool. Now, here's where I might need
some correction. So the current ICP now
the current personas that Robin is going
to be targeting is going to be serious
investors age anywhere from 25 to 45
typically and glo globally distributed
but IG first
that doesn't make any sense but serious
investors between 25 and 45 cool and
they're all around the globe now they
range from having anywhere from 20k
portfolios just starting up to over 200k
portfolios are for people that's already
living off crypto
and they are disciplined, smart, hungry
for systems but frustrated with hype
driven influencers and yellow traders.
Now what they want is they want reliable
systems for entering and exiting the
market with position. They want
confidence and emotional control and
volatile conditions. They want narrative
frameworks to identify early
opportunities before the crowd and they
want access to a proven operator such as
yourself who is actively executing in
real time. And what draws them into
Robin is that uh he has a predator
versus prey lens on markets. He has a no
BS rules-based disciplined investor
identity. He has proof from real clients
who have skilled portfolios
systematically following following Robin
Systems. And he creates content that
feels like real operator transparency,
not a surface level crypto bro hype. Is
majority of this correct?
>> Correct.
>> Fantastic.
Now, for the next four months, the main
objectives are going to be these four
things. Number one is going to be
consistently stabilized at 50K a month
revenue. My goal for you is for you to
erase this and then add up that, but
we'll say 50K for now. Number two is
going to be to increase IG baseline to
10K views per post to 20K views per
post. That said, even though you already
have audience coming in, you don't feel
as if you're maximizing the audience. So
the goal will be to maximize the current
list of followers and also just have a
clear and consistent content strategy to
follow over the next four months.
>> Correct?
>> Now the current problems that we need to
solve around these four month objectives
are going to be primarily these four
things. So number one is that we have a
really decent amount of followers.
However, we don't feel as if we're
activating all of them and we're not
getting the maximum extraction from my
IG page. Number two is just going to be
fragmentation. It seems as if the
biggest bottleneck whenever it comes to
Robin making viral content is that Robin
feels as if he has to give the full
solution to how to trade crypto rather
than individualistic and narrow problems
that he can that he can solve. So if we
solve that fragmentation problem, I
think we solve a lot of problems with
that. Yeah, just with that. Number three
is just making sure that we have a clear
IG content strategy that is dialed in.
And number four is to make sure that the
opt that the offers are optimized to get
the maximum extraction whenever it comes
to the people that I actually do land on
the phones. And by extraction I mean not
charge 7.5k for a high ticket offer.
>> Cool.
>> Sounds good.
>> Cool. Then let's go and begin into
coming from our current operation into
our four month goals. So first I want to
go to start with dialing in the offer.
Primarily, there's three things I want
to cover within this. Number one is
going to be what are the changes we need
to make to the offer. Number two, I want
to get really clear on each offer's
purpose. And number three, I'm going to
teach you how to roll out to the offer
that will fit the changes that we make.
So, for the offer changers, for the
offer changes, let's go and take a look
at the current offers. So, like we
mentioned previously, the low ticket is
called base camp. It's 4.5K and the
duration is for 5 months. Then the high
ticket, this is a done with you. It's
called platinum. The price is 7.5K and
the access duration is not five months.
It is six months for the done with you.
Now for the low ticket offer changes
from base camp, I want to go ahead and
change make these changes. So instead of
we can keep it as base camp. I don't
love the name, but [__] it. It has
nothing to do with what we do. So price
uh we're going to change the price from
4.5 to 5. My philosophy would be that if
they're willing to pay 4.5, they pay
five. And five just makes it a lot
simpler. And also on the way that I'm
going to teach you how to roll out the
offer, five is going to make a lot of
sense.
>> And then changing the access duration
from 5 months to four months. Main
reason why is because again, first off,
it lowers the amount of
work that you have to do for the clients
by 20% as in their length inside the
program. But then also on top of that,
if the main goal for people that join
this low ticket is to ascend into the
high ticket, then all we're doing is
reducing the duration that it takes for
them to go from low ticket to high
ticket by one month, which means you get
one month extra payment once they're in
the high ticket.
Also,
>> do I get the recording by the way?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Of course.
>> Okay. Okay. Also, on top of that, um
it's just going to lead to more
ascensions overall because if they feel
as if they have one less month, of
course, it's going to lead to more
urgency going through the program, which
is going to lead to more like a higher
likelihood that they activate to the
program at the beginning and actually
start going through the course material
because they feel more urgency to go
through the course material because they
lose it in four months.
Now, for the high ticket going to do the
same [__] thing. So, the price for
the platinum high ticket was 7.5. I
think that's disgustingly disgustingly
low. Especially
taking into consideration that the low
ticket would be 4.5 because there's
almost no difference in between those.
If someone can afford 4.5, they can
afford 7.5.
>> That's also part of the reason why we
have the price so close.
>> So,
>> so the natural Okay. But yeah, got it.
So,
we we'll go we'll go over why we're
doing this in a second how we're going
to roll this out to make this a reality.
But, we're going to change the price
from 7.5 to 4 14.
So, we're doubling the price on the high
ticket.
Again, that'll make a lot more sense
whenever I teach you how to roll it out.
And then for the access duration, um we
talked about this yesterday, just moving
it to four months, not six months, this
is six months. moving it from 6 months
to four months uh for the same reasons
that we said for the low ticket.
Basically just allows us to get um do
33% less work if they're in the program
for only four instead of 6 months. Also
on top of that, they feel more urgency.
Also on top of that is the quicker that
we can ascend them or not ascend them
but retain them on an annual plan or on
a monthly plan depending on how we want
to retain them. But the goal here is not
for ascension, it's for retention. So
that's what we optimize for. And the
quicker that we can get them to the end
of this program, the quicker that we can
retain them in the program and get cash
flow for doing so.
Now that said, it is important that we
understand the purposes the purpose of
these two new offers. So you have the
low ticket which is base camp for 5K for
4 months and the high ticket which is
14K for 4 months. Now the purpose of
each is going to be different. However,
they're going to be in relation quite
well. So the purpose of the low ticket
is purely ascension
and the purpose of the high ticket would
be purely retention. So for the low
ticket, the base camp should just be
built as a grease slide into platinum.
The goal here isn't going to be to make
money.
You make more money from the high ticket
offer right now. You're going to make
more money from the high ticket offer no
matter what. Substantially more,
especially now it's going to be 14K. So
the goal for the low ticket in the grand
scheme of things won't be to make money.
The goal of the low ticket is one of two
things. It's going to be one to have
some sort of downell to maximize cash
collection which no I said out loud kind
of well I just said the goal isn't to
make money but then I said the goal is
to make money. So the goal isn't to make
a substantial amount of money. The goal
is to have something to downell them to
maximize cash collection. So if they
can't afford the high ticket, we have
something to sell them afterwards. And
then also number two is that we build
the program in mind of them joining the
low ticket. However, it's built to push
them into the high ticket after the next
four months. And that is the only
purpose of the low ticket offer. It's
not meant to make money. It's not meant
to be a core offer. It's not even meant
to be a low ticket offer. This is just a
downell.
Now, the core offer is going to be a
high ticket. And the purpose of this
program is going to be retention. So,
this is meant to be a sticky offer. And
the goal is to get them results whenever
they join the program within the first
four months as fast as possible. Then
after those four months, the natural
next step is going to roll into an
annual plan at either 20K for the year
or 2K a month
until they cancel. So the whole focus
for this program is going to be making
sure that you give them consumables.
Making sure that people are actually
using, applying, and getting results
with the material that you're giving on
a monthly, weekly, or some sort of time
frame basis so that renewing for the
annual plan is obvious.
So,
after the their four-month program,
you're going to pitch them two different
things. Either one, the annual plan for
20K, which is the one-year extension, or
2K a month from there if they can't
afford the 20K up front.
>> Mhm.
>> Now, how are you going to make it to
where they're happy to pay for the 20K?
I already feel as if that you have a
good program set in place. I think if I
was ever trying to learn crypto, I would
trust to work with Robin. I don't know
if you noticed, we don't have many
crypto people in the program. That's
mainly because we cancel the calls if we
feel as if they don't make money with
crypto themselves.
>> Um,
>> that said, Robin is not one of those
people. I know Robin knows what he's
doing. So, I feel as if the program is
already going to be maximized whenever
it comes to increasing retention and
stickiness on a monthly basis. I I gave
you a link to a podcast and I think you
should listen to it and then go make it
clear on how to make the offer much more
sticky and wanting them to continue to
retain month over month or year over
year.
So let's put it better than I can.
>> So one question so we basically also
change a bit like the avatar, right? We
mo mainly focus on the ones who are
paying or who have a 200k portfolio
because like someone who's uh or the one
with an 80k portfolio is likely to go
into the low or downell because you
won't be
like purchasing like the 14k offers.
Correct.
>> We pitch everyone the 14k offer.
>> Mhm.
>> Whether they have a 20k portfolio or
200k portfolio, everyone gets pitched
this offer first. So, here's here's how
we're going to roll this out.
>> So, I run you through the [__]
>> All right. Nice. Yeah, that sounds good.
>> Cool.
So, that's how we're going to be able to
roll out the 14K product. Does that make
sense? Makes total sense.
>> Cool. Do you see people just giving you
their money after that?
>> I already see it.
>> Perfect. All right. And let's go ahead
and go to the content strategy. So, what
you're watching right now is a content
war planan replay from Nexus, my high
level program. Now, right after joining,
every member inside receives a
personalized business and content
breakdown just like the one that you're
watching right now. So, if you're a
business owner who already makes over
20K per month and you like your own
tailor made content and business
strategy just like this, plus all the
knowledge of proprietary content
software and 101 guidance that you need
to make that plan into a reality, then
feel free to go click on the first link
in the description below to learn more
about Nexus.
So, to download the concept strategy,
you gave pretty decent old quadrants.
Like, I don't think that these were
horrible at all. I just made a couple
adjustments to them. So you had
narrative investing, narrative
investing, how to spot emerging crypto
narratives early and build conviction
before the crowd catches on, emotional
control through systems, how to reduce
stress and avoid panic moves by
investing with logic, not emotion, even
in volatile markets, entry strategy, how
to buy, sell, blah blah blah blah blah,
and then real time markets intelligence.
This just sounds more so like news and
what to do with the news.
>> Exactly. Cool. So, this was the old
quadrants that you gave me and then I
made a couple of updates.
>> So, I kept the niche statement
systemized crypto investing. I love
that.
>> For the niche statement, I just try to
make a little bit shorter. I left the
majority of it, but I just try to remove
as many words as possible that would
make sense to remove. And then for the
quadrants, I changed a couple of things.
So, for narrative investing and
real-time market intelligence, I feel as
if narrative investing can fit inside
real-time market intelligence. So, I put
narrative investing into real- time
market intelligence. And the way that I
put that is crypto news emerging
narratives or real-time market signals
to understand what's actually happening
in the market today and in the days to
come so that you can act with clarity
and make confident investments decisions
daily. So, I just threw this one into
this one.
And then for the
for the where is this at? Emotional
control through systems. I feel as if
this is solving a problem that you know
they have but not a problem that they
think they have.
>> Mhm. I get it.
>> For example, I think a lot of the times
I'm speaking with a client and I'm just
listening to their video. I'm like,
"This is just dog [__] advice." But I
can't tell them that because that's not
what they want. That's not the problem
that they think they have. I have to
tell them, okay, well, outside of your
value being dog [__] what else can we
change? Because I can't help them with
the actual value itself. So, there's no
reason to even bring it up because
that's not a problem that they think
they have. I feel as if we're under that
umbrella here within emotional control
through systems.
>> Oh, makes sense.
>> So, I swapped that one with trader
operating system. How to build the
habits, tools, and execution systems
that help you make better decisions and
become a more profitable, consistent
trader. So, inside this, we can add the
emotional control as in maybe you tell
them to journal their trades every day
and their emotions after. I don't know
what I don't know what the [__] you do
to help with that, but
you can throw that in there. But then
also, this expands the quadrant up to
cover so many different topics. For
example, I'm sure
a lot of people like the uh like the the
equipment [__] So for example, how many
how many monitors should you have as a
trader?
>> Yeah, like the most viral videos like I
can I go viral. I can I know that I will
go viral if I just talk about websites
that traders use.
>> So it's like
>> that encapsulates the emotion side and
you can add that in there if you want,
but it also allows for us to create
those types of videos as well to get
more attention.
And then for
ad blocker just [__] me. All right.
And then for the
Oh, yeah. Then if we remove this, we
have to add one because I threw this one
aside this one. So one I added would be
po portfolio architecturing.
So how to structure, allocate and manage
your capital across market conditions so
that your money is working intelligently
at every stage.
This one I had to come up with some
[__]
I'm not sure. I don't know if this is
the best quadrant that you feel as if
you want to talk about. However, I
>> That makes sense.
>> Cool.
>> Is that okay?
>> Perfect. Then are there any questions
around your content contest or does this
seem ded as well?
>> That sounds like extremely amazing.
>> Perfect. Then every single video you
create must fits within one of these
work quadrants.
Now, let's go and start to cover the
complexity bias. So, one of the things
that you mentioned inside the form is
that one of your biggest frustrations
with content right now is going to be
whenever you create content, you can
only deliver one piece of
value at a time because of the nature of
the real. It's 90 seconds long. However,
crypto is a deep interconnected system
that
I don't know where the [__] I was going
with that. But real
but realist force me to cut it down into
isolated fragments. The issue is is that
whenever people take one piece at face
value without seeing how it fits into
the bigger picture
and if they only act on one fragment,
they risk messing things up and worst
case blaming me for it.
So this is what we call the complexity
bias. People or more so experts tend to
think problems require complex solutions
especially experts. Experts may resist
oversimplifying because they feel as if
it strips away essence strips away the
essential nuance. Even though the
audience often benefits more from
starting with simple heristics. This
bias makes experts feel like it's not
that easy when in practice a single
actionable tip is a net improvement for
the winner. So for example, one of the
things that you mentioned inside of the
loom that you created was it's not like
make a better hook.
The thing is
I can't cover how to make a better hook
in 90 seconds. And I feel as if every
expert is going to have that feeling of
there's so many different nuances
because they know so much.
But the thing is, if I taught you
systems of awareness, as in whenever
you're making a hook, you need to speak
to one of the four levels of awareness,
whether that's uh symptom, problem,
solution, or product. If I taught you
that, would that be a net negative or a
net positive to you?
>> That positive. Would you rather me make
a short form video of 90 seconds to
where I go over here and I make a hook
and I talk about, oh, you should be more
negative and you should speak directly
to what the client wants and you should
blank and it's really general broad
advice. Would you rather me make a 90
second video just about um the levels of
awareness and how to make sure that
you're speaking to that on every single
hook? Even though it's only a part of
the hook,
it's only it's only a small part. You
look at this as a net positive.
I can do this for all the things that go
into making a good hook. Whether it's
hook expansion,
whether that's negativity bias, whether
that's using unique power words, making
sure the clarity of outcome is there,
using damaging emission within your
hooks, make making your um results that
you're promising the client seem more or
the viewer seem more believable. I can
make an individual video about all this
and I guarantee you would not be looking
at any of them going, "Oh, what the
[__] man? I I think you would rather
that. I think you would rather get a
90-cond reel on just symptom of
awareness rather than me making a
90-cond reel about general context
because I can't get down to the essence
of something that big. I would have to
make a 90minute video for that.
And I'm not even sure that you watch the
90-minute video. But if I
>> but if I gave you a 90 second reel just
about, hey bro, here's levels of
awareness. Whenever you're making a
hook, make sure you're targeting the
right one. Now, is this going to make
this going to make you go viral every
single time? No. There's a lot more that
goes into it. This is a great start to
make sure your hook is directed towards
the awareness that your viewer is in,
which gives you a higher chance to go
viral.
I didn't make any claims. If you don't
go viral, you're not going to be mad at
me. I just walked you through logically
on why this is something that you should
be implementing. And it's only with that
as a positive frame. And also on top of
that, now you want to know because I
just explained that little piece so
well. You want to know what my
explanation of the whole piece looks
like because you just got such [__]
dialed information. It's such a narrow
problem because I could solve it in a
with a complete solution rather than
>> sense. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Rather than me just saying here's
going to make a hook and giving three
generic pieces of advice.
So the core question that you ask that
you have to ask yourself whenever you're
making these videos is if someone only
followed this piece of advice, would it
lead them closer to their goal or
farther from it?
If I gave this piece and this one piece
of advice, would it be net positive to
them or net negative?
I don't see a reality to where I teach
you how to use levels of awareness in
your hook and it be a net negative.
So, even if you don't add the nuance,
even if you don't add everything that
goes into what can go wrong, as long as
you're giving the information that's
going to be beneficial to them, it's
going to help them get to their goal,
even if they're missing other pieces,
they at least now have one piece of the
puzzle.
>> It's
extreme.
>> So, have you seen this before?
>> Nope. All right, we're going to have
speech read it out to us.
>> Dumb creators try to solve big problems.
Smart creators, they guarantee small
wins. The biggest reason your videos
aren't getting the views you want isn't
because you don't have good advice. It's
because you're trying to solve an
impossible problem in 90 seconds. To
give you an example, fitness coaches
will make a video like, "Here's how to
lose 100 lbs in 10 months." But then
they end up being forced to give generic
advice like be in a calorie deficit, eat
more protein, lift weights simply
because you can't possibly fit the full
solution of losing 100 lb into 90
seconds. So then what? Your viewer
leaves your video not with a win but a
thousand new unanswered questions. How
do I track my food? How much protein
should I eat? What's the best workout
plan? You didn't give value. You gave
homework. But what smart creators like
Jeff Nipper do is choose an extremely
narrow problem which allows him to
guarantee a small win. For example, this
video. The only thing he talks about for
54 seconds is that if you lean your seat
back on leg extensions, it will give you
170% more quad growth. One narrow
problem and a guaranteed win. Or this
video talking about how to save 30
minutes off your next workout. It's a
narrow problem, yet it's so [__]
valuable. So when you're choosing your
next content idea, ask yourself, what's
a narrow problem? I can guarantee a win
for. That's how you build a brand. And
it's the difference between dumb
creators and smart creators.
Beautiful.
Beautiful. Is that
uh help the frustration
or help solve the frustration? I feel
like you always have to cool. I think
the narrow problem frame is just a
really good way to look at everything
because there's always a way to narrow
down the video as in how can I make a
better hook. The thing is if I would
narrow down the video that that's what
this looks like. This is just me
narrowing down the term of how to make a
better hook. So whenever you have an
idea the question is just is there a way
that I can narrow down this idea just
only solve one problem and it be just as
valuable? If the answer to that question
is yes then do it.
And then like we talked about on the
call, I just want to add this to the
[__] uh complexity bias sheet, the
cheat code damaging admission.
>> You should really do for the new videos
already.
>> Hell yeah. If you feel like I'm being a
[__] fraud telling people to do [__]
and it's not going to get them uh to be
a millionaire, then just say it. Will
this make you a millionaire in one
month? No, but it will raise your
portfolio by 5%. Okay, actually not
that. But but it will blank, which is
the minor results that you actually
want. The same way about you one step
closer.
>> There you go. Now, will this video make
you go now? Will it using levels of
awareness make you go viral? No. But it
will definitely increase your chances
blah blah blah blah blah blah. It's
like, oh, okay, sick.
And that is your complexity bias. Any
questions around this?
>> I think we solved.
>> Perfect.
Now, big [__] recordings.
This is 100% not needed. It was just
something I noticed and I was like,
for the nature of Robin's content, maybe
he might want to make this upgrade. So,
right now, are you recording with the
A6500?
>> I actually don't.
>> What is it?
>> A6.
Yeah.
>> So, I can show you my videos whenever I
was recording with the A6400, which
would be quite similar.
This was the quality.
You can see the graininess everywhere.
And it's somewhat similar to your videos
whenever it comes to the grain.
So like here, if you look, you can see
the grain on the
>> M.
>> And that's just kind of disgusting.
However, whenever I
This actually doesn't look much
different, but whenever
I swap the camera, all of a sudden it
looks a lot less screeny. Maybe not on
desktop, but on your phone, it's like a
a very very clear difference.
And the difference I made is just within
the actual camera. So right now an a6500
is a crop sensor and just by nature a
crop sensor will perform worse in low
light. However, a fullframe sensor
typically always performs better in low
light and also depends on the lens that
you have in XY and Z. That said, if you
want to futureroof the camera and make
sure that you come off as high quality
as possible to speak to the ultra high
net worth individuals and you think
that's something that's important to
you, I wanted to give you the option to
to do that. Realistically, this will be
around five to six grand altogether for
the camera and the lens. Camera is about
4,000. Lens is about 1,500.
>> All right.
>> So, is this something you need to do?
Not at all. Is it something that you can
do, especially to raise the quality of
videos? You definitely can.
>> All right. Do you think do you feel like
or do you see an uh [__] sake um do you
see a difference uh in the previous
videos that I've been posting versus
let's say two weeks ago? So for example
the one that you're looking at.
So don't blame me for the videos I have
been posting over the past three days.
Um if you scroll down a bit to the
hidden text. So, if you compare the
hidden text video,
this one. Oh, wait. No, the hidden.
Sorry. This one. Exactly. If you compare
this one to Let's go a bit down.
Uh, yeah. to those like there's a clear
difference in
in quality
is there's still this grain what you
were what you were referring to because
I don't have a clue what the [__] that
means but
>> um yeah realistically like the video is
not bad at all
like especially this one this one does
look much higher koi so
>> the other ones will look exactly like
that
>> yeah So, is it going to be like the the
biggest change in the world? I can tell
you personally, it was like a 90-day
difference for me whenever I look at my
own videos from the A6400 to the FX3,
which is the video, which is the camera
I recommended. However, it definitely is
a sizable investment for maybe a very
very small percentage of gain. So, it's
not something that you have to do at
all. I just wanted to make sure that we
had the option in case that was
something that you were upset about is
the grain on the videos.
Which what are green?
Doesn't matter. I
>> I actually like
I focus on the value first and then I
look at stuff like this. Cool. So
>> So then last we have money maximizing,
making sure that we're maximizing the
entire audience that we have currently.
So we're going to go from lead
activation to sales process
optimization. And then I know you
mentioned you're thinking about hiring a
setter. So I'm going to give you some
resources that will help you out there.
So, for lead activation, uh, you already
have access to the first two things that
I want to talk about. Story selling
mastery. Just stick to this [__] If you
just do this, you'll be [__]
fantastic. I'm pretty sure it's already
going somewhat well. So, we give you
every single week a content care package
of stories like this to use. Use those
every single week and you'll be [__]
fine. And then you have the recording
here. And I also left a link to the
worksheet in case you want to reference
back to the um
to the posting schedule for you to
follow.
Then for lead magnet, it's it's amazing.
>> Perfect. Then lead lead magnet mastery.
Same thing. I just want to go and put
the links here for you. Here's a link to
the actual um actual mastermind and then
also the link to the worksheet.
And then time on brand. This is
something I do want to talk about. So,
whenever it comes to your videos feeling
like they're fragmented or no, no, like
you feel like you have to fragment the
information and it doesn't feel good. A
lot of times, especially if you have a
YouTube video, which I didn't I mean a
YouTube channel, which I didn't know. If
you feel as if you're only covering one
part of the topic, then if you have a
YouTube video going over the rest of the
topic, just ship them to that YouTube
video. Have you ever moved someone from
Instagram to YouTube?
>> Yeah. continue to do that because not
only is it going to allow you to feel
better about fragmenting the
information, but also on top of that, it
just increases time on brand as in them
spending 90 seconds with you and then
them spending 30 minutes with you are
completely different.
And whenever they comment to look at the
YouTube video, then you have the
opportunity for you or the setter to go
in and say, "Hey, did you watch the
YouTube video? What you think?" Blah
blah blah blah blah. Oh my god, give me
your money. It just creates a lot more
opportunities there. And obviously the
main thing is that it increases time on
brand which increases everything as in
trust, as in conversion, all that good
jazz.
So if you're if you're not currently
sending people to YouTube channel often
on your reels or stories, I would highly
recommend you do it more frequently,
especially if you want to post on
YouTube more frequently.
>> One question. So for example, I have a
YouTube video called How to Invest in
Icoins System Revealed. Um it's actually
one of the those few videos but in my
opinion like this like the on the right
hand side the 4x oh this one it's
directly there um this basically is a
full altcoin investment system
which obviously still is a beginner
system but I can like how often do you
think I can send people to that video
without like overdoing it?
>> I think whenever it comes down to it
there's no such thing as like a correct
ratio. I think it's just whenever you
make the video at the end, do you see a
clear path to where it's like, "Oh,
100%. Let's show them to this video.
That makes complete sense." Or are you
just forcing it? I think that's the more
so the better measurement of is it being
forced or is it just this would be
really helpful if they got this, too.
>> Okay.
>> Now, whenever it comes down to the
performance of the video, realistically,
I would say it's not like it's like a
huge underperformer. I would say it's an
average performer right now
>> because I sent so many people over.
Okay. Then I would make sure that we're
tracking how many people come from each
video. So, do you have UTMs for
>> what?
>> For uh the links in each video.
>> Nope.
>> Then you could start tracking who comes
from what video depending on which link
you put in which video.
So, if you wanted to look for or you
wanted to know which one you should send
them to as like a general understanding
of which one should I be pushing more
people to, well, it's not the one that
gets the most views or anything of the
such. is the one is going to convert to
the most clients. So that would be the
metric that I would more so optimize for
rather than view counts.
>> So we send people to the one video if
it's fitting which converts the most
leads.
>> Indeed.
>> Got it. Yeah, that's nice.
>> Perfect.
Then why does my notion look like that?
>> Cool. [__] it. Then lastly, mark me
help. Um, have you seen this guy called
Jeremy Haynes before?
>> Nope.
>> Okay. So, his offer is, I help people
get to a million a month.
So, that should give you enough context
that this guy probably knows what he's
talking about. That said, he has a
playlist going over how to sell to rich
people. And it just so happens that you
only sell to rich people. So, I figure
this playlist would be a big help
whenever it comes to just marketing and
advertising to rich people. So, he has
videos on how to advertise the
retrieval, how to create offers that
retrie actually want to buy, how to
create a retrieval VSSL, and all that
good jazz. That way, you know exactly
how to position yourself in the market
to make sure that we're speaking to the
individual that we want to speak to,
especially now that we're going to start
[__] swinging 14K programs.
>> Makes sense.
All right, I will check it out.
>> Cool.
>> Thank you.
>> And then that would be lead activation.
Now, for the sales profit optimization,
I want to give you some more resources
there as well. Uh, have you seen Josh
Lions before?
>> Yep.
>> Cool. So, this guy has three videos to
where he goes over offers that are
around trading. Okay. So, I worked with
this guy for a while. Um,
both helping with his with his content
and him helping us with our offer and
our sales. By far the best salesperson
I've ever met.
Like head and shoulders above everyone
else.
Head and shoulders. Um,
>> so yeah,
>> that said, uh, here are three videos you
can watch. It just more so goes over the
discovery portion of the call and I
think they'll give you a lot of clarity
whenever it comes to sales calls,
especially with you raising the price to
14K.
>> One question, I haven't asked that
beforehand. Um, in the presentation, do
you start the presentation right away at
the start of the sales call or is it
first like the discovery process? to go
through whatever the lead is going
through and then you directly on then
when you start the pitch you start the
presentation.
>> No. So
um
Josh we do well he teaches that you need
to have a scriptless discovery. So you
have a discovery to begin with. The
frame that his mentor uses a lot is you
want to dig a sixoot grave within the
first 10 minutes or more so the first 20
minutes within the call. meaning that
you just dig in a six-foot grave and
then you and the prospect are both
looking down at the sixoot grave as in
do you want to get do you want to get in
there and then once you have that level
of pain built up then you go into the
actual pitch. So you go through the
pitch and then you just basically make
sure that they
understood the pitch have no more
further questions and they believe it
will work for them and then that's going
to be present the price.
I got it.
>> Cool.
And then for the setter,
pay these guys 5% on cash collected.
That said, with you selling a 14K offer,
that means it's $700 per sale, which
means all you have to do is sell five or
six for the month and they make decent
money.
And you make you make decent money. And
that's assuming that yeah, that's the
only things that you sell. So
you can hire a setter today, no problem.
I think it would be beneficial for you
to do. Just make sure you find a good
one. And the way that you find a good
one is you have a good opportunity and
now you have a 14K product. It is a much
better opportunity for them because the
consumer starts making more money.
Now for the job posting, um I gave you
just our [__] job posting. You can go
through it and read through it. Um
and you can just copy take whatever you
want from it. That said, we post the job
posting on LinkedIn and we put a $50 ad
behind it on LinkedIn. So, $50 a day,
>> okay?
>> And that typically gets us enough
applications. And typically on LinkedIn,
it takes us about maybe like four to
seven days to fulfill the role. So, like
max I paid like 300 bucks for a good
setter.
And then you're at the point to where
you um you have a big enough audience to
where you can post on IG as well. So, I
would make a story saying, "I'm looking
for a setter." And the thing is, as long
as you sell your dick off on why they
should come to work with you. Anyone
that follows you that is in some sort of
sales group or in in some sort of sales
training, they'll screenshot your story
and send it to the group that they're in
and say, "Hey guys, I'm on an offer
right now, but this guy seems like he
has some cool [__] I'll go check them
out." And then all of the sudden, as
long as you do a really good job with
selling the position, it's not only your
followers that are seeing the job
posting. It is people inside sales
trainings uh programs that are seeing
your job posting as well.
>> All right. Yeah, that's what I thought.
I also have like what what do you make
of the people who outreach you because I
have like 10 to 20 people reaching out
to me with like different [__] every day
and I would say two of them are sets.
>> So we have a
an automation setup for that.
So,
if the per if the message is trying to
apply to work with me for a setter,
trying to book me more leads on my sales
calendar or a sales rep attempting to
get me more sales or close some deals
for my offer, we start this automation
sales seam application and it takes them
to the sales team application. So, it
just automatically pushes people to the
application. Whenever I am looking for a
seller, I'll just go through the
application. If they actually did make a
good application, I'll reach out to
them.
Oh, I got it.
>> Cool.
>> That's that would be amazing. Do you
like then have like a type form or
whatever behind it? So or job
application. Okay,
>> we do. I I put that here as well so I
can reverse engineer it.
>> Cool.
And that is overall the war plan. How do
you feel?
>> I'm feeling like it's not much that is
missing. just like doing what we do in a
different way in terms of sales and
product and what you gave me is just
exactly what I needed. So I think it's
just like time for implementation
hopefully 100k months
>> and so in 4 months what can you see what
can you see in your future?
>> I think we can hit a 100k month in 4
months.
>> Cool. Then we have work to do. Mr.
Robin, do you have any questions about
what we covered today?
>> Nope. No questions at all. Thanks so
much.
>> So hopefully you enjoyed this breakdown.
So again, if you're a business owner
already making over 20K per month and
you want a detailed business and content
strategy just like this, as well as all
the knowledge, tools, and one-on-one
support that you need to execute, then
go ahead and click the first link in the
description to learn more about Nexus.